[DOCS] ServiceNow ITSM & SecOps Connector and Application Docs (#1188)
elastic/security-docs: docs/post-upgrade/update-deprecated-sn-connector.asciidoc

[[cases-update-deprecated-sn-connector]]
== Update a deprecated ServiceNow connector

{sn} ITSM and SecOps connectors created in 7.15 or earlier are marked as deprecated after you upgrade to 7.16. Deprecated connectors have a yellow icon after their name and display a warning message when you select them.

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/cases-deprecated-sn-connector.png[]

> IMPORTANT: Deprecated connectors will continue to function with the rules and cases they were added to, but you cannot assign a deprecated connector to a new rule or case. If you try to do so, you will be prompted to update the connector or create a new one.

Reviewer: At the moment you can assign it to a new rule but not to a new case.

=== Prerequisites
Before creating a new {sn} ITSM or SecOps connector, you must complete the following within your {sn} instance:

* Install Elastic for ITSM or Elastic for Security Operations (SecOps) from the https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/home[ServiceNow Store].
* Create a {sn} integration user and assign it the appropriate roles. 
* Create a CORS rule. 

*Create a {sn} integration user*

To ensure authenticated communication between Elastic and {sn}, create a {sn} integration user and assign it the appropriate roles.

. Go to System *Security -> Users*. 
. Click *New*. 
. Complete the form. 

> . Assign the integration user the following roles:  

Reviewer: ITSM & SecOps require different roles. See my comments on https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/117122

** `import_set_loader`
** `import_transformer`
** `personalize_choices`
** `sn_si.basic`
** `x_elas2_sir_int.integration_user`
. Click *Submit* to create the user.

*Create a CORS rule*

A CORS rule is required for communication between the Elastic and {sn}. To create a CORS rule:

. Go to *System Web Services -> CORS Rules*.
. Click *New*.

> ** *REST API*: Choose `x_elas2_sir_int/elastic_api`.

Reviewer: ITSM & SecOps have different API names. See my comments on https://github.com/elastic/kibana/pull/117122

** *Domain*: Enter the Kibana URL.
. Go to the *HTTP methods* tab and select *GET*. This chooses the GET HTTP method.
. Click *Submit* to create the rule.

=== Update a deprecated {sn} connector

Follow these steps:

. Go to *Cases -> Edit external connection*.
. From the *Incident management system list*, select the deprecated connector to open the connector Edit flyout.
. Click *Update <connector name>*.
. In the warning message, click *Update this connector*.
. Complete the guided steps in the Edit connector flyout.

> .. Install Elastic for ITSM or Elastic for Security Operations (SecOps) from the https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/home[ServiceNow Store].

Reviewer: We can use the following links for each app: 

ITSM: https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/application/7148dbc91bf1f450ced060a7234bcb88
SecOps: https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/application/2f0746801baeb01019ae54e4604bcb0f

[[cases-update-deprecated-sn-connector]]
== Update a deprecated ServiceNow connector

> {sn} ITSM and SecOps connectors created in 7.15 or earlier are marked as deprecated after you upgrade to 7.16. Deprecated connectors have a yellow icon after their name and display a warning message when you select them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{sn} ITSM and SecOps connectors created in {stack} version <=7.15 are marked as deprecated after you upgrade to version >=7.16. Deprecated connectors have a yellow icon after their name and display a warning message when selected.
```

[role="screenshot"]
image::images/cases-deprecated-sn-connector.png[]

> IMPORTANT: Deprecated connectors will continue to function with the rules they were added to and can be assigned to a new rule. Deprecated connectors will also continue to function with the cases that they were assigned to, but cannot be assigned to a new case. We strongly recommend updating the deprecated connector or <<creating-new-connector, creating a new one>> to ensure you have access to connector enhancements, such as updating incidents.

Reviewer 3: "a new rule" -> "new rules"

Reviewer 3: "a new case" -> "new cases"

Reviewer 3: "recommend updating the deprecated connector or creating a new one" -> "recommend updating deprecated connectors, or creating new ones"

=== Prerequisites
Before creating a new {sn} ITSM or SecOps connector, you must complete the following within your {sn} instance:

* Install https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/application/7148dbc91bf1f450ced060a7234bcb88[Elastic for ITSM] or https://store.servicenow.com/sn_appstore_store.do#!/store/application/2f0746801baeb01019ae54e4604bcb0f[Elastic for Security Operations (SecOps)] from the ServiceNow Store.
* Create a {sn} integration user and assign it the appropriate roles. 
* Create a CORS rule. 

*Create a {sn} integration user*

To ensure authenticated communication between Elastic and {sn}, create a {sn} integration user and assign it the appropriate roles.

> . Go to System *Security -> Users*. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Go to *System Security -> Users*. 
```

. Click *New*. 
. Complete the form. 
. Assign the integration user the following roles:  
** `import_set_loader`
** `import_transformer`
** `personalize_choices`
** `x_elas2_inc_int.integration_user`(for {sn} ITSM connectors only)
** `sn_si.basic` (for {sn} SecOps connectors only)
** `x_elas2_sir_int.integration_user`(for {sn} SecOp connectors only)

. Click *Submit* to create the user.

*Create a CORS rule*

A CORS rule is required for communication between the Elastic and {sn}. To create a CORS rule:

. Go to *System Web Services -> CORS Rules*.
. Click *New*.
** *REST API*: For {sn} ITSM connectors, choose `Elastic ITSM API [x_elas2_inc_int/elastic_api]`. For {sn} SecOps connectors, choose `Elastic SIR API [x_elas2_sir_int/elastic_api]`.
** *Domain*: Enter the Kibana URL.
. Go to the *HTTP methods* tab and select *GET*. This chooses the GET HTTP method.
. Click *Submit* to create the rule.

=== Update a deprecated {sn} connector

Follow these steps:

. Go to *Cases -> Edit external connection*.

> . From the *Incident management system list*, select the deprecated connector to open the connector Edit flyout.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. From the Incident management system list, select the deprecated connector to open the *Edit connector* flyout.
```

. Click *Update <connector name>*.
. In the warning message, click *Update this connector*.

> . Complete the guided steps in the Edit connector flyout.

Reviewer 3: based on Janeen's comment above, I guess we should bold "Edit connector"
